README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Polished overall aesthetic and modified readme file

README.md, after:

# Barney Jesse — Portfolio Website

This is my personal portfolio website built using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/).  
It showcases a curated collection of websites and projects I have designed and developed for businesses and individuals.

---

## 🚀 Features

- ⚡ **Fast & SEO-optimized** — built with the modern Next.js framework.
- 📱 **Responsive design** — looks great on desktops, tablets, and phones.
- 💼 **Project showcase** — highlights real client websites with descriptions, links, and screenshots.
- ✉️ **Contact section** — easy way for visitors to reach out for collaboration or inquiries.

---

## 📂 Technologies Used

- **Next.js** — React framework for production-grade web apps.
- **Tailwind CSS** — utility-first CSS for rapid styling.
- **React Icons** or **Lucide React** — for clean, modern icons.
- **Vercel** — for deployment (optional).

---

## ⚙️ Installation

1. **Clone this repo**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/YourUsername/your-portfolio-repo.git
   ```
